hahahahahahahaha!

Originally these were from a series of notes from April of this year to
one Monique FaBrey, who was, at the time, collecting suggestions with
which to put together a working version of DARE. Wether such a thing
ever existed outside of UseNet, I seriously doubt. Take what's here for
what its worth - I make no claims for internal consistiency or
completeness. Much of the stuff for the cards and penalties is derived
from the original story - consider this an official crediting of the
author.

>Then I realized that we can do even better than that!  We can
>invent our own version of the game!  I'll collect everyone's
>suggestions and collate them into and official set of rules,
>dares & penalties. 

Okay, okay, I'll contribute - but consider this - as depicted in the
story, the whole purpose of the game is to essentially lead up to an
orgy between the participants. If you have participants who are all
comfortable enough with each other to want an orgy, why do you need a
game? And if your players aren't familiar with each other, aren't you
running the risk of spreading a wide variety of STD's?

On the other hand, creating a monster can be fun, so let's try it.

DARE:

Rules - 
The game shall be divided into two segments - The first part of the game
shall use exclusively the Dare cards and penalties coded "R" and "PG".
Players are advised to start out with "PG" cards and work up to R...
The second segment shall use cards of any of the groups - PG, R, or X
The provider of the game and/or playing space, hereinafter known as the
host, shall decide what category of cards to use at what time. In
matters of arbitration, the host's decision is final.
In cases where all of the players are heterosexual, cards involving
same-sex activities shall be disregared.
In cases where all players are homosexual/lesbian, all cards involvig
opposite-sex activities are disregarded.
In all other cases, the "forefeit rule" applies. The forefeit rule
states that a player, at any time, on the grounds of sexual orientation,
may refuse a dare, but must pay an appropriate penalty. A player may
also refuse a penalty on basis of sexual orientation, but a new penalty
will be chosen by the host. Note that a player refusing dares or
penalties for all orientations 9homo/hetero/bi) may simply be asked to
leave by the host.
 All players shall, prior to the start of the game, agree upon some code
word, that, when spoken, will immediately and unequivocally cause
activity to cease - thus, no player may be forced to engage in any act
he/she is unwilling to engage in (within limits... It will be easily
realized that most players, having agreed to participate in the first
place, will not want to stop the action solely on whim. However, it is
necessary not to tread too far on the other side of that line, and
intimidate other players into doing things they object that strenuously
to. I have made a general attempt to be sensitive to the sensibilities
of what I perceive to be the "average" potential player.)
It is generally best to switch to X cards when the majority of players
are naked.

CARDS
Type - R
Dare -  Look at the breasts of three female players. Blindfolded,
identify who is whom, by touch.
Penalty - Loss of one item of cloting (This penalty for all R and PG cards.)

Type -X
Dare - Player must stand, feet at least 24 inches apart, and hands
linked behind his/her head. Two players of the opposite sex
caress/stroke/fondle the player for one minute. No tickling. If the
player reacts in that span of time apply the penalty.

Type - PG
Given an assortment of three sexual aids (provided by the host) identify the
a) name of each (vibrator, etc...)
b) proper name of each
c) or manufacturer of each.
(Note that, if you ask for proper names, you're almost gauranteed to
trip up the player. I would expect however, that this sort of thing will
be necessary to start the ball rolling)

Type - PG
From a photo, Identify the porn film star(s). (Sadistic hosts will, of
course, have photos which are close ups of the genitals...)

Type - X
Player holds the penises of three male players in her hand - maximum of
20 seconds per male. Player must correctly identify the male players -
blindfolded, and by holding their penises in his/her mouth.

Type - PG
Describe, in detail, for at least 45 seconds, your favorite sexual experience

Type - PG
Describe in detail, for at least 45 seconds, your favorite sexual fantasy.

Type - PG
Describe, in detail, for at least 45 seconds, your favortie sexual
position. Demonstrate it.(solo)

Type - PG
Describe, in detail, something you have fantasized about, but wouldn't
want to try in reality.
(Note that for these four cards, the host may elect to impose a penalty
for "lack of detail" It is hoped the host will excercise fairness and
taste in such cases.)

Type -PG(Special)
Have three people guess what color underwear you're wearing. Regardless
of wether they're right or wrong, remove the undergarment. If no one was
correct, keep it and it may be traded in later as a penalty. If someone
was, give it up now into the "lost clothing" pile

(It may be necessary to come up with other PG dares like this, just to
start getting people out of their clothing.)

Type - R
Choose three people in the room, all of the same sex (They must be all
one sex, they don't have to be your sex...) Blindfolded, identify them
by french kissing them.

Type - X
Look at the genitals of three female players. Blindfolded, identify them
by performing oral sex on them.

Type - R
Pick a player you find attractive, and "talk dirty" to them for one
minute - be as suggestive as possible. Use of body languase is allowed,
however, touching yourself or the person in question is not. If there is
not visible increase in that person's state of arousal, pay a penalty.
(Increase determined by the host and by the other players...)

PENALTIES
 
Penalties are, of course, performed by someone who has lost/failed a dare.
 
Generally, where a penalty specifies the giving of pleasure to someone
else - ie "Spend 2 minutes perfoming oral sex on someone of the opposite
sex." - the recipient should be, if possible, the individual who
"tripped up" the person paying the penalty.
 
Penalties for PG or R cards. For these cards the penalty is generally
the loss of one article of clothing,, although other penalties may be
imposed. At the host's discretion, this can be upped to two articles.
Moreover, any penalty can be augmented by the loss of one article.
Herein, the player paying the penalty is simply referred to as "the
player"
 
Penalty - R
Two players will tickle the player, for not less that 45 seconds.
 
Penalty - R
The player will massage another player, wherever that player requests,
excepting the genital region (This is only an R penalty...) for at least
two minutes.
 
Penalty - R
The player will kneel and kiss the kneecaps of another player.
 
Penalty - R
The player will french kiss another player, for not less than 60
seconds. During this penalty, if the other player requests, the player
paying the penalty must fondle/stroke him/her.
 
Penalty - X
The player will perform oral sex on two other players, for at least two
minutes each.
 
Penalty - X
The player will be placed over the lap of another player, and spanked by
that player, no more than 10 times.
 
Penalty - X (female)
The player will be placed on the edge of the table, face down, with her
legs hanging off the table. Each male player will then penetrate the
player for one minute (Vaginally or anally, at the penalty-payer's
option.) During this time, the player may not move.
 
Penalty - X (male)
The player will lie flat, face up on the floor. each female player will
mount the player for one minute (Vaginal or anal insertion, at the
option of the female in question.) During this penalty, the male player
may not move.
 
Penalty - X 
A player of the opposite sex may use the player for masturbatory
purposes, by rubbing against the player (If the player is female, breast
fucking by a male player is legitimate.) The player must assume whatever
position the opposite sex player dictates, but otherwise may not move.
Penetration or oral sex are not allowed for this penalty.
 
 
That about does it for me for now, though I'm sure a number of other
penalties could be devised, especially if you want to start using sexual
toys, peanut butter and ice cubes...


=======------======------======------
Michael   -  "The Minister of Architecture"
'All humans have a pervasive, unconcious need for a logical universe
that makes sense - but the real universe is always one step beyond logic"
Of course they're my opinions - Who else would want them?		
Michael Feely, PO Box 4602, 5125 Margaret Morrison, Pittsburgh PA 15213


